Update pstn-usage-report.md, document data retention for call records (#10139)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-analytics-and-reports/pstn-usage-report.md

#### Data retention

Per-country regulatory requirements specify data retention of detailed call records. Per-country retention period in days is listed in the following table:

| Country | PSTN Calling Plans | Direct Routing |
| :---: | :--- | :--- |
| CA – Canada | 150 | 150 |
| CH – Switzerland | 365 | 365 |
| DE – Germany | 365 | 100 |
| DK – Denmark | 365 | 365 |
| FI – Finland | 365 | 365 |
| FR – France | 365 | 365 |
| IT – Italy | 730 | 730 |
| KR – South Korea | 365 | 365 |
| MX – Mexico | 720 | 730 |
| NL – Netherlands | 180 | 180 |
| NO – Norway | 150 | 150 |
| SE – Sweden | 180 | 180 |
| UK – United Kingdom | 450 | 450 |
| All other countries | 365 | 150 |

Note that these rules apply to the PSTN and Direct Routing reports in Tenant Admin Center, data export, and the PSTN and Direct Routing call logs available via Microsoft Graph. Data retention in other reports, such as Call Analytics and Call Quality Dashboard, may differ.

The retention period is based on the user's location (country). If the tenant administrator does not set a user's location, the default value for the location of a user is the location of the tenant.

> Tenant administrators have possibility to modify data retention period for the call records of their organization, by creating a support request to Microsoft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tenant administrators could modify the data retention period for the call records of their organization by creating a support request to Microsoft.
```

Reviewer 2: Can we please remove this sentence completely? This is not a functionality we want to publicize, especially as this comes with very heavy legal and technical limitations.

> Tenant administrators have possibility to modify data retention period for the call records of their organization, by creating a support request to Microsoft.

Author: Removed the note about custom tenant-specified data retention.
